Docs for public courses API (#38)
appsembler/course-access-groups: docs/rest_api.rst

    DELETE /course_access_groups/api/v1/group-courses/2/

Setting Courses as Public
-------------------------
When the course access group feature is enabled, by default all courses are
private and only accessible to learners with memberships to groups that

> has those courses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have those courses.
```

However, some users could have no group membership so they won't have access

> to the private courses. To a course available to those learners and everyone

Reviewer 2: Something is needed between "To" and "a" in "To a course available". And wouldn't "those learners" "and everyone else" be the same set?

Here's a suggestion: "To make a course available to those learners, you should make your course public"  I'm not a big fan of using "make" twice (to make X you need to make Y), but at least it fills in the missing word between "To" and "a" without rethinking how we want to say this

else a course should be made public.

> This endpoint allow making a course a public one.

Reviewer 2: "This endpoint allows" if we have a single endpoint. "These endpoints allow" if we have more than one endpoint.

Question, does the endpoint "allow" or does the endpoint actually do the state change? I'm assuming the later, so how about "This endpoint sets the course as public"?

Author: Noted and amended. Thanks @johnbaldwin! 

Please keep those coming. Writing docs is difficult enough. It's even more difficult I'm translating from Arabic in my head.

.. code-block:: bash

    GET /course_access_groups/api/v1/public-courses/

    {
      "count": 50,
      "next": "http://mydomain.com/course_access_groups/api/v1/public-courses/?limit=20&offset=20",
      "previous": null,
      "results": [
        {
          "id": 9,
          "course": {
            "id": "course-v1:Red+Python+2020",
            "name": "Introduction to Python"
          }
        },
        {
          "id": 10,
          "course": {
            "id": "course-v1:Blue+SQL+2020",
            "name": "Advanced Postgres Deployments"
          }
        }
      ]
    }

Making a Course Public or Private
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

``POST`` request can be used to make a course public with the following
JSON payload format:

.. note::

    The ``course`` parameter is the Course ``id`` property which
    can be obtained from the Course API endpoint.

.. code-block:: bash

    POST /course_access_groups/api/v1/public-courses/
    {"course": "course-v1:Red+Python+2020"}

To make a course private:

.. code-block:: bash

    DELETE /course_access_groups/api/v1/public-courses/10/

User Membership in Course Access Groups
---------------------------------------

> These endpoint lets us to add and remove users from Course Access Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These endpoints let us add and remove users from Course Access Groups.
```

This means the course is available to
all site learners regardless of their Course Access Groups membership.

Public Course Marks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This endpoint returns a paginated list of JSON objects in "results".

> Each object represents a public course mark.

Reviewer 2: @OmarIthawi What specifically is a "course mark"? Is this like a grade?

Author: Good catch. I refactored this to make it more obvious.

Each JSON has a single property ``id`` which can be used to delete
the course mark. The mark JSON also has a sub-object representing a
course.

.. code-block:: bash

    GET /course_access_groups/api/v1/public-courses/

    {
      "count": 50,
      "next": "http://mydomain.com/course_access_groups/api/v1/public-courses/?limit=20&offset=20",
      "previous": null,
      "results": [
        {
          "id": 9,
          "course": {
            "id": "course-v1:Red+Python+2020",
            "name": "Introduction to Python"
          }
        },
        {
          "id": 10,
          "course": {
            "id": "course-v1:Blue+SQL+2020",
            "name": "Advanced Postgres Deployments"
          }
        }
      ]
    }

Adding and Deleting Public Course Marks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The public course mark endpoints lets us add, modify and delete

Reviewer 2: Please change to "The public course mark endpoints let us..."

Author: corrected.
